Backport of PR #771 to 0.34 : big int parsing (#798)
cometbft/cometbft: docs/app-dev/indexing-transactions.md

Additionally, if a node that was running Tendermint Core 
when the data was first indexed, and switched to CometBFT, is queried, it will retrieve this previously indexed
data as if `match_events=false` (attributes can match the query conditions across different events on the same height).

> # Event attribute value types

Reviewer: ```suggestion

# Event attribute value types

```

> Users can use anything as an event value. However, if the even attrbute value is a number, the following restrictions apply:
> - Negative numbers will not be properly retrieved when querying the indexer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can use anything as an event value. However, if the event attribute value is a number, the following restrictions apply:

- Negative numbers will not be properly retrieved when querying the indexer
```

- When querying the events using `tx_search` and `block_search`, the value given as part of the condition cannot be a float.
- Any event value retrieved from the database will be represented as a `BigInt` (from `math/big`)

> - Floating point values are not read from the database even with the introduction of `BigInt`. This was intentionally done 

Reviewer: note to self: not read or read as int?

Author: Not read at all, they are simply ignored because the conversion to `BigInt` fails.
